feat(auth): add Protected Resource Metadata endpoint (#2698)
googleapis/genai-toolbox: docs/en/how-to/toolbox_mcp_auth.md

---
title: "Toolbox with MCP Auth"
type: docs
weight: 4
description: >
  How to set up and configure Toolbox with MCP Authentication.
---

## Overview

> Toolbox supports integrating with Model Context Protocol (MCP) clients by enabling OAuth/JWT-based Server-Wide Authentication. This allows an MCP client natively sending Bearer tokens to be verified by Toolbox before executing any queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Toolbox supports integration with Model Context Protocol (MCP) clients by acting as a Resource Server that implements OAuth 2.1 authorization. This enables Toolbox to validate JWT-based Bearer tokens before processing requests for resources or tool executions.
```
